['<div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">What You’ll Do\n<br><br>\nThe new Success Programs Manager (SPM) role is a highly visible, strategic position that connects the Sales motion with our CX success teams and drives adoption program delivery in Cisco’s scale accounts.\n<br>The SPM will lean on a deep understanding of the market/industry to understand customer priorities, develop business value-oriented success motions, and recommend adoption programs and engagements tailored to each customer’s needs. The role will work across partner, digital, and event channels to engage with customers and provide the content and resources needed to accelerate customer business value. Creativity and an ability to partner cross-functionally will be key as you build digital and partner-led campaigns and packages. The SPM will be required to manage multiple projects and customers simultaneously and thrive in ambiguity.\n<br>The SPM will be responsible for continuous improvement of results, reporting of said results, creating and delivering business plans to key stakeholders, and ensuring support and alignment across their theater leadership team. The SPM will ensure that the Customer Experience team is working collaboratively and will be responsible for executive communications across their customers, partners and Cisco. Effective measurement and management of diverse teams is a required skillset.\n<br>Who You’ll Work With\n<br>The SPM will build deep relationships with senior leadership of partners, and the Cisco regional partner teams, Cisco digital success teams, Cisco account teams and key customers in achieving their goals. The role will: Collaborate with key stakeholders to set the vision, strategy, routes-to-market and execution steps of the success programs to be executed across the target customers in the segment and/or region. (Customers &lt; $1M ARR) Drive 1-to-many programmatic efforts for product/software, inclusive of services adoption, utilization and growth, working collaboratively with Cisco internal teams (specialists, support, etc.), account teams and partners. Effectively segment and prioritize customers for engagement within the theater in alignment with theater priorities and Cisco strategy. Collaborate with the digital success teams, business units, and product management teams to leverage digital campaigns aligned to the theater priorities and the needs of their customers. Align with regional partner organization(s) on identification and prioritization of key channel-partners through whom the customer success motions will be executed. Manage the execution of partner-delivered customer success motions and plays. Identify and communicate partner enablement requirements Align and collaborate with business units and enablement teams to deliver packaged end-to-end customer success blueprints and supporting assets (adoption strategy, change management plans, success review) to partners and customers. Understand and utilize digital customer-engagement platforms and programs to drive customer lifecycle acceleration in a 1-to-many format. Interpret and analyze customer adoption metrics and KPIs to determine common adoption barriers and develop strategies to pro-actively address barriers. Engage 1:1 with priority accounts below the high touch threshold (focus is 20% customer facing/ 80% programmatic). Ensure their customers realize value from purchased Cisco solutions and services for successful renewals. Coordinate 1-to-many events such as webinars, videos, partner summits, Cisco Live and GSX Partner hub, working with Sales, Marketing, business units, CX Product Management, and eLearning. Use quantitative and qualitative analysis to drive operational excellence in customer and/or partner engagement Provide detailed and documented requirements to cross functional teams that improve the impact of the customer experience Provide bi-weekly metric reports including integrated results across routes to market\n<br>Who You Are Strategic, self-driven thinker who can develop/implement a GTM strategy across all stages of the customer lifecycle and is skilled at driving continued process improvement Ability to speak French is a plus Ability to work independently as well as leveraging full team and cross functional resources to ensure successful customer experience at each interaction Prior success with understanding quantitative customer metrics – health scores, NPS/CSAT, ARR – to tailor interactions and drive actionable next steps to ensure customer adoption and renewal A customer-obsessed mindset with a strong grasp of relevant success stories, customer KPIs, and best practices to drive superior outcomes Strong empathy for customers and a passion for revenue and growth Enthusiastic and creative leader with the ability to inspire others Strong relationship builder with a focus on aligning and collaborating with key stakeholders – Business Unit Executives, Sales, Delivery, CX Executives, Partners – to drive an integrated, consistent customer-centric approach\n<br>Required Experience 10+ years’ experience in leading matrixed customer-facing organizations. Proven successful consulting with key technical and sales acumen 5+ years of experience with subscription and software offers Reseller and channel partner management experience Proficiency in digital marketing and digital customer engagement Proven ability to manage influence through persuasion, negotiation, and consensus building Demonstrated desire for continuous learning and improvement Excellent executive level communication and presentation skills Bachelor’s degree required, Master’s degree preferred\n<br>If you are looking for hands-on involvement in crafting the future direction of Cisco and Customer Experience, we have a place for you.\n<br>Why Cisco\n<br>At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference.\n<br>Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. #LI-KF1</div>']