['<div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">Who we are\n<br>We are modernizing the Software Development Experience at Cisco, bringing best in class Infrastructure, solutions, and open-source software for use by engineering. This role aims at revolutionizing the way every engineer at Cisco lives, plays, works, and learns!\n<br>We’re a group of engineers, technologists, designers, and more building products and capabilities that are simple to use and easy to manage. We seek forward-thinking, committed team members who are passionate about new innovative way to deliver value to customers. Surrounded by intelligent and creative people who are determined to innovative products and services. We are looking for\n<br>We are looking for a savvy Data Engineer to join our growing team of analytics experts.\n<br>The hire will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross functional teams.\n<br>The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Engineer will support our software developers, database architects, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. They must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing our company’s data architecture to support our next generation of products and data initiatives. What You\'ll Do Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture, Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements. Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc. Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using ‘big data’ technologies. Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency, and other key business performance metrics. Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs. Keep our data separated and secure through multiple data centers. Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader. Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems. Minimum requirements for this role: We are looking for a candidate with 5+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems, or another quantitative field Experience building and optimizing ‘big data’ data pipelines, architectures, and data sets Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency, and workload management A successful history of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from large, disconnected datasets Experience using the following software/tools: Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc. Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, etc. Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc. Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages; Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc. Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ data stores. Strong project management and organizational skills. Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment. Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement\n<br>#WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference powering an inclusive future for all.\n<br>We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we’re “old” (36 years strong) and only about hardware, but we’re also a software company. And a security company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do – you can’t put us in a box!\n<br>But “Digital Transformation” is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.)\n<br>Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, give our egos a break, and give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, bold steps, and take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a dedication to equality for all, there is no moving forward.\n<br>So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Passion for technology and world changing? Be you, with us!</div>']